feat: Prepare PHP Release Docs (#2242)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/index.mdx

Sentry\captureLastError();
```

## Monitor Performance

> Just set `traces_sample_rate` to a value larger `0.0` after that, Tracing will be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just set `traces_sample_rate` to a value greater than `0.0` after that, Performance Monitoring will be enabled.
```

```php
Sentry\init([
  'dsn' => '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
  'traces_sample_rate' => 1.0 # be sure to lower this in production to prevent quota issues
  ]);
```

Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called "transactions", which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/performance-monitoring/distributed-tracing/#traces-transactions-and-spans). **To capture transactions, you must install and configure your SDK to set the `traces_sample_rate` option to a nonzero value.** The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured traces. Be sure to lower this value in production otherwise you could burn through your quota quickly.

> Learn more about sampling in [Using Your SDK to Filter Events](/error-reporting/configuration/filtering/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about sampling in [Using Your SDK to Filter Events](configuration/filtering/).
```
